c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.exe.config
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.exe
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.pdb
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Form1.resources
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.exe
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.pdb
c:\users\18chenc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Form2.resources
C:\Users\18chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.editStudent.resources
C:\Users\18chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyGPA\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.EditStudentAddClass.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.exe.config
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.exe
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\MyGPA.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.editStudent.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.EditStudentAddClass.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Form1.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Form2.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.exe
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.pdb
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll.config
C:\Users\chenc\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GPACalculator\MyGPA\obj\Debug\MyGPA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
